welcome to slash forward this week we're
going to play some games and attempt to
cure our insufferable loneliness
starting with the recent supernatural
release come play
hit the like button if you're in the
quarantine phase of conjuring a demon
composed of human loneliness
just so you have something to do let's
get to it
we open on a wee lad watching old school
tv on his phone like a classic
zoomer unbeknownst to him something
maybe peering out at him from behind the
glass
he shortly goes to bed but gets woken up
later by a call from the station
now that he's up he hits the lights and
goes wandering through the house
catching papa on the couch
likely indicating he was a bad boy and
then pouring himself
a stiff sippy as straight juice no water
no
top damn boy when he returns to bed his
phone appears to have curated some
choice content for him that he can't tap
away from
and in this way he familiarizes himself
with larry
a sad boy monster who never gets what he
wants the house then suffers a
sequential power surge that goes through
the room and down the hall
oliver hears an unsettling noise and
attempts to barricade himself in his
room
larry pushes at the door a little to
make like he did a good job but then
barges right in when the blanket's
pulled back it's just oliver's mother
sarah checking on him due to also
hearing a strange noise
oliver communicates with her via his
phone like a boomer and she works to get
him calmed and back to sleep
the next day she expresses some concerns
but daddy marty brushes this off
like everything because he's grown weary
of putting in the effort
for the hard stuff he does lighten the
mood a bit but then oliver notices the
boxes in the next room where marty is
gathering his belongings
in math class oliver's aide watches on
as he doodles ya boy leary and then his
old friend byron reveals himself to be
an entitled little [ __ ]
how come oliver still gets to use his
phone in class after school
oliver is invited to come see something
cool but his new chum remains
suspiciously behind as he goes off to
explore on his own
he soon finds himself in the field of
old wrecked cars that they have right
behind the school
where he's surrounded by several young
lads with low self-esteem
luckily byron doesn't do much at this
encounter beyond tossing his phone and
kicking some dust up
sarah recounts her version of these
events in their therapy session where
they work on oliver's communication
skills
during the post-meeting wrap-up the
doctor's orders are to get oliver
involved in
more social activities as it may be
helpful to get him connected with a
friend group
at night we see marty hart at work
manning the ticket booth at a vacant
parking lot
a job not without its perks like
personal freedom and the occasional
score from the lost and found box
however after a sudden meteorological
event he is distracted by his efforts to
fix the lights
as we witness a startling formation
behind him he gets home during playtime
and sends oliver off to charge his new
screen so the adults can snipe at each
other about who's putting in the most
work and whether or not they've done all
the right things to raise their child
considering his special needs as oliver
acclimates himself to his new device he
goes in for the big risk
checking out some of the spookier
snapchat filters and sure enough
one of them catches an errant face in
the darkness after bedtime we then see
that it's moving day for marty
who packs up and heads on out with naria
goodbye oh well
i'm sure it's better that way the next
morning oliver asks a question of no one
in particular
and gets an answer yes he then taps out
another question hoping
whatever is out there will identify
itself and after letting go of the idea
he may get another answer the device
calls out larry's name and confirms that
he's just looking for a cool new friend
like oliver then
sarah strolls in to casually inform him
of an impending sleepover she set up
with her estranged friend jennifer she
then tries to pair this up with an
unexpected conversation about how dad no
longer lives with them
but your boy is shook and she's left
without a good idea of how to interpret
his behavior when jennifer arrives later
on we see that her son
is byron and that he brought the whole
crew then when jennifer makes a snide
comment about oliver's strength it's
implied their estrangement is likely due
to a physical altercation between him
and byron when they were younger
soon the boys are all bunked up in the
living room trying to get in a few winks
while oliver stares at the closet and
moans
this peaks their curiosity and byron
ventures in to hopefully find a secret
candy stash
but only finds asbestos when the tablet
lights up he pulls it out and they begin
reading the story of larry which results
in more
unusual electromagnetic phenomena they
get spooked out but that's a classic
sleepover tradition so byron continues
on and we learn that finishing the story
conjures larry fully into our world
the popping lights prevent this from
happening however when it sends them
into a tizzy when they hear a faint
moaning sound coming from the dining
room
oliver uses the tablet's flashlight and
camera to investigate and they notice an
apparition that's only visible
in-screen it's larry byron tries to
convince them that this is all a trick
by venturing in there to show that the
room is empty but then he gets slammed
into the wall by the dining room table
in the aftermath byron chooses to blame
oliver rather than risk sounding like a
raving lunatic then the next day the
boys are somewhat distressed to find
that byron is not at school
while that's going on sarah's trying to
get the lamps set up again when she
finds the tablet laid out and
unveiling larry's story after she leaves
the room momentarily she returns to find
that larry can be very helpful
then she hears some shuffling and goes
off to check it out prepared to stab
anyone who gets in her way when the
tablet gives more indications of larry's
intent with oliver she becomes
distressed and rushes to school to pull
him out of class
in the midst of all this panicking
jennifer calls her over and they arrive
to discover that byron has not been
sleeping or speaking since the event
when he does croak out a few words we
learn he's ready to fess up about larry
and confirms his impression that larry
intended to kill him
sarah decides to pack up a few items and
get them the hell out of there warning
oliver to stay away from screams
but larry lures him in with the
flickering light and oliver uses the
camera to follow him around and see what
he's up to he is gifted a yellow sponge
and summoned to become a new
friend but sarah's presence causes larry
to disappear when they meet up with
marty a man of science
he is incredulous about the story of the
ghost monster who travels on electricity
he presumes this to be a matter of rest
and he suggests that sarah gets in a nap
while he takes
oliver to work determined to
indoctrinate oliver into his materialist
world view he insists on reading larry's
story despite its accompaniment by the
exact electrical phenomena
previously described as he works to
regain power oliver starts playing
around with the infrared tape measure
as he scans around the parking lot he
seems to get it locked on a plastic bag
or something that closes in on him but
then stops three feet away
and is also invisible just to make sure
it's not a malfunction he resorts to a
more
objective test which sends him running
back to the booth
marty tries to demonstrate that it's all
good by flashing the tablet around
but he quickly learns that it is not all
good now that they're all on board they
focus their efforts on figuring a way
out of their situation
as they do so oliver unlocks the key for
them you see
so they resolve to destroy larry's
window before it becomes a door
by taking turns hammering on it which is
mostly symbolic because it could have
easily been done by one person
unfortunately oliver still needs a
device to communicate verbally so he
uses mom's phone at school
where byron now becomes his ally they
find solidarity in their recent alarming
experiences
and also learned that byron's animosity
was due to his impression that oliver no
longer wanted to be his friend which was
actually the work of the meddling
overprotective moms at work that night
larry explains the penalty for
interference and marty finds himself
stuck inside a darkened box
he uses his phone to try to locate the
layerster and arms himself with a short
metal shaft when larry comes in he goes
out and tries to lock him in before
abandoning his post for the second night
in a row
unfortunately larry rides the lights so
marty quickly finds himself plunged into
utter darkness
causing him to wreck his vehicle sarah
gets the call letting her know about
marty's accident but it's dropped very
quickly
inside larry utilizes a super edit of
material to explain that he is an entity
formed by the world's loneliness which
is why he desires to take a friend into
his realm
he then forces them to finish the story
and release him so sarah hulks out in an
attempt to destroy
all the potential entry points for larry
still he finds a hole big enough for him
to emerge from
and then he enters the house they manage
to narrowly avoid him and get hidden
upstairs under the bed where they decide
to also go ahead and hash out their
trust issues regarding the
byron fiasco we don't get a good sense
of where they're at with this but then
sarah figures out an effective way to
calm oliver connecting with him by
humming the spongebob theme song
directly into his ear
this keeps them both quiet as larry
slaps his giant feet around the room
then they have a breakthrough when
oliver communicates verbally
but it gets them located then oliver has
the idea to bust out the lights to avoid
larry and suggests they flee to the
field where they are momentarily safe
due to a lack of electricity nearby
of course there's still the matter of
the lost phone which brings larry to the
field but doesn't explain how he
sustains himself once there
regardless he pursues them through the
tall grasses like a raptor and when
they're split up by some junked out cars
oliver gets dragged into the woods where
larry
offers his hand in friendship despite
all they've learned so far
oliver reaches out toward him but sarah
steps in to take one for the team
protecting her son by leaving him in the
woods to defend for himself and
rewarding his momentary eye contact with
a haunting image that will live with him
forever
we then yada yada over some details to
find marty's stepping up to be the
father that's needed for the situation
things are also going better at school
where the boys have pledged to stick
together to combat loneliness and
prevent larry's return and then we're
left with the final detail that on some
nights when the mood is just right
oliver gets to visit with his mommy his
horrifying ghost mommy
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch just a quick note that i've added
an uncensored review of under the skin
as a benefit for donation
i'd like to give a huge thanks to my
donors memorialized in the hall of head
shots
come play as another of those child sees
an entity that no one else can see
until they eventually are accosted by it
and begin to understand the danger
genre of supernatural films this one was
in many ways just like the movie z
which we looked at not too long ago it
was competently done and shot in a way
to maximize the impact of their limited
cgi budget which is good
unfortunately by so closely following
the standard tropes and beats we've come
to expect from this type of film it
didn't have much to offer that we
haven't
already seen although to its credit it
does a much better and less pandering
job of presenting a character with
autism than even the recent release
backed by sia that was allegedly the
result of five years of research
and so good on them for accomplishing
that if you enjoyed the video
i'd love for you to become part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching